hi guys welcome back humans Apache in
this video I'm going to show you guys
how to make restaurant style Thai shrimp
fly rice sorry cabin pure marina
Hamasaki vegan ham car park geun acosta
Ranahan hot American ham Knocka Knocka
samat Hamdani become de inca 9 a holic
are Omaha couple p.m. Lana caliber Samba
some car ingredients shrimp goon I also
have a video how to peel and devein
shrimp I will put the link up here and
also inside the description box below
Lin a community can become apnea and had
inter-site lingua Bernina Cali one akan
language hot steamed rice cows away
egg Chi our purpose cooking sauce sapa
Majdanek so i also have a video for this
- I will put the link up here and inside
the box to the movie he can't have my
calendar selling like ha chopped garlic
Hakim SAP cooking oil naman pad and in
qua home pea and carrot coolant our
local carrot tomato macro Tate green
onion don't home for garnish I have
cilantro lemon and green onion top tank
nakaka me
manal now Houston Gua lecithin honk ah
so if you have a wok user walking or a
pan heat up your pan or your wok until
it's really really hot and add cooking
oil and also an egg and stir them well
time you can have a good half item
magnetic hi hi I'm gonna handle on a
couple if I head on la casa de menthe
puddin pie time to akaike corner has
done here McCallum so lantern and
psychopomp ilakaka TM sabka so as soon
you see that your egg is completely
cooked add your shrimp in there lower
down the heat and also add your chopped
garlic and stir them well my Tampa now
my consigliere La Nina capo hakuna sook
Nana cholera has to mark by Goom to horn
aha
and stir them well until you see that
your trim turn a little pink and add
your steamed rice at casa la única cosa
way Nia : I'm the hiya al-hasakah babe a
chat
Konkani Cihangir weapon cow Cancun
Kirito Yan Guardian aha and after you
add your egg just give it a stir on the
high heat and add onions peeling carrots
and also tomato siren ah ha ha ha ha
the copycat Logano katika Park Muhammad
and been on TomTom Nina popularity Shaka
and also add a cooking sauce you also
can add any type of vegetable you like
in here you also can add broccoli if you
dont like p care just don't put P carrot
anything you like you can put it in here
and give it a stir at the purpose
cooking salsa like I said I also have a
video for that and it's really helpful
when it comes to like stir-fry langtang
Lanikai side bun home car lock attacks
abietic acid naka cooking sauce and ha
he didn't have no video healing up in a
light eeshwari McMullan hassan mohammed
a lie so admire in a hopper see you park
a POW lion guy died Molina holla Kong
night with hell out ham get wine young
he prepared him come hot ham night
Michael Sam Athena Collin Collin
the--like ha and after it's all done
just put inside your plate and garnish
with some cilantro cucumber and also a
line lime juice and a stack so side
thank wanna karma now la caja she ha
add a little potassium iodine a car when
weapon birkinshaw be owning a car
chicken got like or subscribe Nakano ah
damn banana facebook instagram or
twitter and a kaligati thumb video we
might I took to get it cat I hope you
guys like this this video please like
subscribe follow me on my Facebook
Instagram and Twitter and also Google
Plus and stay tuned for the next video
every week until next time bye
let's check on my video nanika long took
me aback on sorry ha
you